Upgrade to ESLint 9 (#24)
jquery/eslint-config-jquery: readme.md

npm install --save-dev eslint-config-jquery
```

> Version 4.0.0 and above work for ESLint version 9.0.0 and above. Use version 3.0.2 for older ESLint versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 4.0.0 or newer work with ESLint version 9.0.0 or newer and require using the flat config. Use version 3.x for older ESLint versions.
```

> In your eslint.config file, import it and add it to your flat config array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `eslint.config.js` file, import it and add it to your flat config array.
```

```javascript
import jquery from "eslint-config-jquery";

export default [
    // ... any other configurations,
    jquery,
    // ... any other configurations

> ];

Reviewer: @timmywil that's probably a good idea; the way we use the config is too "picky"; we should perhaps just apply it on a global level and then provide overrides in separate blocks.

Author: At my workplace, we use eslint-config-jquery as one of the base sets of rules, then override a handful of them that we disagree with. It looks like this:

```
const base = {
    plugins: {
        '@stylistic/js': stylistic,
        jsdoc
    },
    rules: {
        'no-unused-expressions': [
            'error',
            {
                'allowShortCircuit': true
            }
        ],
        '@stylistic/js/quotes': [
            'error',
            'single',
            {
                'avoidEscape': true,
                'allowTemplateLiterals': true
            }
        ],
        '@stylistic/js/linebreak-style': 'off',
        'jsdoc/tag-lines': 0,
        'jsdoc/no-defaults': 0
..... more stuff here .....
};

..... more stuff here ....

export default [
    ignores, // note: this must go first for it to be applied globally
    js.configs.recommended,
    jquery,
    jsdoc.configs[ 'flat/recommended-typescript-flavor' ],
    base,
    overrideForUnitTests  // this has a "files" selector for unit tests and exempts them from jsdoc and max-len
];
```

## Semver policy

Same approach as in ESLint, see https://github.com/eslint/eslint#user-content-semantic-versioning-policy.

## Testing

> To avoid a circular dependency, testing copies JQuery source code into the test directory before running linting for

Reviewer: `jquery` would be just a `devDependency`, I don't see a circular dependency here. Am I missing anything?

Author: This project is one of jquery's devDependencies -- see [package.json](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/blob/19716254877870ecd649272cadd00a0d0ff8be01/package.json#L126)

Author: As per your other comment in copy-fixtures.js, I am adding it to devDependencies and removing this note.
